---
date: 20240708T10:42
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - monday
---
# DAILY NOTE
### *Monday, July 8th, 2024*

## Journal
### Midday
So today was productive.I made questions for my KNEC examination and answers to which i will revise tomorrow on DBMS. I also reflected on life a bit and noticed a few things. One is that the more organised i become in life the more safe i will feel and the more structured my life will become. I noticed this when i decided to make the notes and asked chat GPT for a plan, to which it replied with one. and i realized that if i indeed follow what Chat GPT said ill pass... no doubt cause it is a sure guide to it all and that just open my eyes to all the possibilities of life when i decide to become organised. Like for example having a budget that i indeed stick to daily, yearly or monthly. I have moved somewhere in life and kinda like having control of the things i know i can control it feels good. the one thing i just need to fix is my lack of self discipline, but it will develop overtime...
### Night
I feel amazing today, I’m listening to some dark jazz while i type this and, jazz is nice. I don't know why I’m developing a shift in love of other genres but i cant complain. So i have a philosophy in my head i was just reading this book: *The game of life and how to play it by **Florence Scovel*** and it was talking about the law of attraction in someway but a christian version of this and i couldn’t help to see how I’ve shifted my mindset on the topic of the law of attraction and see it as false. maybe my mindset will shift again but for now...nope so i just closed the book cause it wasn’t resonating with me and i saw these narratives as false in someway... not claiming them to be but i just feel so at this time [[2024-07-08]]
Main reason i disagree is because i feel as if its a hoax because of their bias in examples and how these beliefs can be harmful to a person who is lazy and believes in the law of attraction because there was this point where she said she was speaking to a friend who was about to be sued and how she told her to eat expensive food and not to worry for on Monday she will pay the debt and get free of the law suit...long story short her cousin helps out and she is free of the law suit just because of applying the law of attraction. Listen, now i know that coincidences happen but she lists a bunch of times on how believing you have something strongly helps out in the long run but I’m a firm believer of success is a result of what you do and what you believe... i can sit here all night believing i have 60 lambos but if i don’t put in efforts and spend my emergency funds with just “strong belief“ i don't think jack shit will happen. this is why i disagree with here.
Anyway i plan on building upon my belief systems fully adapting and not just criticizing without reason on other peoples beliefs cause i know biases are notorious for clouding ones judgement so i try my best not to be swayed, but im only human so i definitely will be.
## Ongoing Tasks
- [x] Make Summaries in DBMS
- [x] Make Flashcards in DBMS
- [x] Review Past papers and look for questions
- [x] Revise with the flashcards
- [x] Unwind with a movie: Peaky Blinders Sn2 Ep1