---
date: 20240705T19:49
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - friday
---
# DAILY NOTE
### *Friday, July 5th, 2024*

## Journal
Today i understood a lot to life, like for example how simple i think of life and how complex it actually is. Kind of like a child who thinks he knows it all until something happens and he is now unable to make life choices anymore, so he cries. And what i like most about this is that i get to live through it all, understand the concepts, find out how dumb i currently am and how little i knew now and how much i know at the time i realize i know so little.Kind of like now actually. So update... i know its been a while.

i like classical music now, mostly i think its because chat GPT said that if it was human it would like classical music, but aside from that i like how rich it sounds and how much emotion i feel through the instrument alone.

in other news I’m trying to know my place here and I’ve kind of known it. Its nothing.
we spend all of our life looking for what our place is and mostly fool ourselves we have found it by being good at something and lying to ourselves that its or calling “what i was meant to do” and come to think about it...nothing is our calling we are all just here to do what we want to do. we didn’t ask to be here, and still we are. so instead of wallowing and thinking wasting time finding something that we may never find, let us take time to do what we think makes us happy what ever or however silly what makes you happy does, cause in the end of it all nothing matters and knowing this i mean truly knowing this embrace your being here live in the moment take it in...feel the feelings **live in the moment** cause it never comes back just as you never asked for it it never asks when to go.

## Ongoing Tasks
- [x] Finish Peaky Blinders Season 1 
- [x] Read More on Money and how it works
- [x] Understand the words of Fredrick Nieche on slaves and masters
- [x] Finish reading on money mindsets and beliefs