---
date: 20240717T19:48
tags: [Daily]
cssclasses: [daily]
---
# DAILY NOTE
### *Wednesday, July 17th, 2024*

## Journal
So today i learnt about how discipline works. And its interesting to me that i know what to do but still watch these videos. i feel as if i’m not doing myself justice by watching these videos and not applying what is said daily i need to start applying these concepts and follow what i need to do in life. and to start off i need to start off by defining what success means to me. What is the goal really why do i feel the need to achieve discipline and make my life better. Well its because i have one life, and i want to live it to the fullest and have no regrets whenever i’m on my deathbed and i’m thinking about my life i want it to be a beautiful life, a life that i enjoyed and felt amazing every step of the way and that’s what matters to me at this time. And that begs the question what is this life? Define perfect... and why perfect?

Well to answer the first one the perfect life i seek goes as follows: 

I wake up without worry of what to eat and where to get my next meal after eating. Then i seek a life where i can buy anything i want no matter the price and time. this and being able to provide that life for my people(by this i mean family and friends).Also be healthy, exercise whenever i need to on a daily basis, play whatever games are available for play and eat foods from all walks of life. I seek peace of mind that is full. Where i don’t fear for my life or worry about money. Worry about money in all aspects. where ill get it how to spend it frugally etc. I want to read and learn about anything without worry of wasting time because i need to be perusing something greater because that is the greater pursuit, doing what i want, when i want.

Secondly why perfect? by perfect i mean my perfect, not that ill be ever happy with no hiccups in life i also want trouble but not the kind you think of... trouble that comes as a result of my pursuit. for example reading on python and having troubles running code because of a bug or waiting for a delivery of some project i wish to complete that took a lot of time to find, that type of trouble.

But how do i achieve that life you ask? simple i just have to follow my rules to the latter and stick to one thing... providing value. this is all i need to do to achieve such greatness. What do people want that isn’t there, or how can i improve an already existing service? This is the key and once found provide fully with no compromises.

First build discipline then provide value with the gained discipline and live the desired life. Live like the military, be the sergeant and the  

## Ongoing Tasks
- [x] Learn Self-Discipline.
- [ ] Read Thinking fast and slow and make your findings summary.
- [ ] Meditate on the words.
- [ ] Collect yourself and make an execution plan.
- [ ] Watch El-Camino.
- [ ] Sleep