---
date: 2024-04-06T09:25
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - saturday
---
# DAILY NOTE
### *Saturday, April 6th, 2024*

## Journal
So today I realized that not everyone has the ability to become knowledgeable on areas of life like I am. A lot of factors lead to me being here...(cognition bias) and not everything I know is true and that is what I'm trying to achieve in life. attain wisdom I in simple terms. for this I need to kill my ego and be willing to accept that I don't know all the answers and that by listening to peoples insights and life experience with things  I will know what to do and how best to approach life. Just because someone isn't knowledgeable at one topic doesn't mean that they are not smart.(as albert said : don't judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree)
so I learnt more on myself by talking to people on my view on life than I ever did before...I gained insight on things about myself and my beliefs and also listening to other peoples beliefs and why they say what they say...whether it be culture based or natural upbringing by parents. I've learnt that all people are is a reflection of their experiences and that it's very essential to what experiences one is exposed to because it will make them better humans or 'bad' human beings. that also made the phrase: choose your friends wisely resonate with me...a lot because who you befriend will reflect the outcome whether it be positively or negatively. but with a firm and clear understanding of all this one can make clear decisions in the future than focusing on the past which they can't control. speaking of things you can't control being stoic is another thing that is helping me to navigate life without constant worry or stress about things I cant control and that it's fine when that girlfriend of yours doesn't understand you when you said you want a break and need to focus on your self. its fine to be misunderstood. its fine to not be able to change someone's perspective even if you know they are wrong and accepting it is where clarity and relief of unnecessary load comes so my thoughts may change but I know they will change for the better and I will keep this mentality in life so that I become successful in my daily endeavors because so far its got me to a good place, a happy place where I'm fine with life and all its mysteries.

## Ongoing Tasks
- [x] 🛫 20-04-06 Go to Kiserian For A cousin meetup session ✅ 2024-04-06
- [x] 🛫 20-04-06 Help wash dishes ✅ 2024-04-06
- [x] 🛫 20-04-06 Move the cupboards to the main house and arrange them ✅ 2024-04-06
- [x] 🛫 20-04-06 Give advice to siblings on life to help them gain insight on life ✅ 2024-04-06