---
date: 2024-03-04T11:52:00
tags:
  - Daily
  - PSYCHOLOGY
  - Fleeting
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - wednesday
  - center-images
  - center-titles
  - recolor-images
---
# DAILY NOTE
### *Wednesday, April 3th, 2024*

## Journal
***1.Philosophy
-So today I studied philosophy and realized that I am not crazy and that life is far more intricate and fascinating than I thought. so I realized that reality is very subjective and that it heavily depends on you and what you perceive of it.
-I only have one question: why isn't it all direct and why cant we just conclude that your red is my red and call it a day. I know that is not logic but still it should be easy.
-I am more of a the only one in the world type of thinker.(solipsist) I think that all what I see and think is just from me and my conscience. But the few things that makes me question this thinking is because I know myself (or do I?) I cant start wars I cant make these cool technologies
(if I took time to study I guess...) I can't be evil as people out here. But its fine still. I may not have all the answers but I will try to...that's all that matters.***

---

***2.MUSIC
l most connected with the world through music. I listen to music for hours on end I get goosebumps when I listen to certain music(I think there is a word for this...let me google this...)(`frisson`). I'm currently trying to produce music by becoming a producer.(I'm 3 Years In) its going well but I am in a state where I feel like I want to make music. By that I mean become the producer and the artist (everything basically) but it isn't as easy because I have to multitask, learn music and also learn production.
-mostly in production and in life in general I learnt that...
``It isn't a must you know everything to make something ~Me ``
-so I'm trying not to know everything and only the things I want to use and the rest will come
-I'm also trying to make the best playlist I can possibly make (hip-hop playlist) mostly underground songs.***

***-Here is the playlist if you are wondering my taste in music [https://open.spotify.com/playlist/59Ug0DwqVP3ijkS3ARop9Y?si=7c4ea04715e2466f]()***

***
***3 life
Life Is Wonderful...Grateful For Everything using my time here to learn and know what Its all about and plus making the most out of it all while I'm Still alive (whatever that means)
Trying to make sense of all this things.***


**QUESTIONS I WANT TO ANSWER**

1. **Why did we all decide that money is the currency and why can't everything just be free in this world.
``solutions 
	-Universal Basic Incomes
		[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcn1mvk33uo]()
	-Automations(machines to avoid scarcity in work/labor)

2. **Why live your whole life chasing money just to spend it
(I GET ITS BECAUSE WE WANT TO LIVE OUR BEST LIFES BUT ISN'T THERE A BETTER WAY)***

3. **How can I make money while doing what ever I want in life??***
``solutions``
	**-passive income streams (current passive streams)**
	``
		-Tiktok Theme Pages.
			- Instagram Theme Pages.
				-Youtube Automation Pages.``

4. **How not to loose everything in life while I'm still here...**
``solutions``

	-Building resilience and a support network, practicing self-care, managing risks effectively, and prioritizing what truly brings meaning and fulfillment to your life can help mitigate the risk of loss. Additionally, maintaining a growth mindset, embracing change, and learning from setbacks can empower you to navigate life's challenges with grace and resilience

---

## Ongoing Tasks
- [x] 🛫 2024-04-04 THEME PAGE GROWTH ⏫ (CURRENTLY @ 32 FOLLOWERS) ✅ 2024-04-04
- [x] learn philosophy ✅ 2024-04-13