---
date: 2024-04-12T09:01
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - friday
---
# DAILY NOTE
### *Friday, April 12th, 2024*

## Journal
Today I was so wasted and burned-out from the pressure of all of this. I didn't think this would be as hard as I thought and I'm seeing why I kept on giving up. It's the burnout, but all in all I'm still pushing daily to make my life better. My current motivator is the fact that life will only get harder if I give up and that I've come so far to just give it all up and do what exactly? So I'm Keeping the train going and no matter what I won't give up. Staying true to my self is one of the best thing that I have ever done since I begun all this. because I have let go of certain fears I had on my life and I will keep that going I'm trying my best to continue keeping the balance between real life and my goals and not to be one sided in all of this. It's hard but I'm doing all my best truly. Time is one thing that is affecting me a lot but I have an idea, if I plan my day fully every time I go to sleep I think that I will have a more productive day as compared to letting the day plan itself. If I am disciplined enough I think that I will pull this off. By reminding myself that this is a marathon and not a sprint, I will slow down and not have a lot of issues with trying soo hard with things and I will take enough time on topics and grasp them even better. I want to meditate more and I want it to be part of my routine so I will add it.

## Ongoing Tasks
- [x] Finish The Deep Web Course ✅ 2024-04-13
- [x] Finish Young Sheldon Ep 4 ✅ 2024-04-13
- [x] Post On IG - theme page ✅ 2024-04-13
- [x] Finish the video on the history of cryptography ✅ 2024-04-13
- [x] Continue the cryptography course - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHSt_lzRIxw ✅ 2024-04-13
- [x] continue the AI course by Lecturer ✅ 2024-04-13
- [x] 📅 finish the album (we still don't trust you) ✅ 2024-04-13